Subject: Win a Free iPhone!
Congratulations! You've been selected to win a brand new iPhone. Click here to claim your prize.

Subject: Get rich quick!
Earn $10,000 a week by working from home. Sign up now and start making money today.

Subject: Urgent: Your account has been compromised!
We’ve detected unusual activity on your account. Please click here to verify your identity.

Subject: Free vacation - Claim your tickets now!
You’ve won a free vacation to the destination of your choice! Click here to claim your tickets now.

Subject: You’ve been pre-approved for a loan!
No credit check required. Apply now and get approved within 24 hours!

Subject: Act fast, only a few hours left for 50% off!
Shop now and save big with our exclusive 50% discount offer. Limited time only!

Subject: Don’t miss this investment opportunity!
Invest $500 today and see a return of $5000 within a month. Secure your financial future now!

Subject: Update your billing information
Your account will be suspended unless you update your billing information immediately. Click here to update now.

Subject: You’ve won a $1000 gift card!
You’re the lucky winner of a $1000 gift card. Redeem your prize here before it’s too late!

Subject: Limited time offer: Get 70% off your favorite products
Shop with us today and save up to 70% on top brands. Click here to start saving.

Subject: Get rid of all your debt in one easy step!
Apply for our debt relief program now and be debt-free within weeks. No hidden fees, 100% guaranteed!

Subject: Your PayPal account is on hold
We need you to confirm your identity. Click here to resolve the issue and unlock your account.

Subject: Congratulations! You’re our lucky winner!
Click here to claim your prize and start enjoying your new luxury vacation today!

Subject: You’ve been selected for a $5000 grant!
Claim your grant now and receive $5000 within 7 days. Don’t miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Subject: Free trial for a weight loss miracle!
Lose 10 pounds in just 2 weeks. Sign up for a free trial of our weight loss supplement today!

Subject: Get a free quote on life insurance
Protect your family with the best life insurance policy. Click here for a free, no-obligation quote.

Subject: Don’t let this deal expire – 80% off everything!
Our biggest sale of the year is here. Don’t miss out on 80% off all items in the store!

Subject: Your package is waiting for delivery
We’ve tried delivering your package, but no one was home. Click here to schedule your delivery now.

Subject: Win $1 million in our exclusive lottery!
Enter our lottery today for a chance to win $1 million. It’s free to enter!

Subject: Your computer has a virus!
We’ve detected a virus on your system. Click here to download antivirus software and protect your computer now.